docs: Release notes table (#3594)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/release-notes.md

---
id: Upgrade
source: release notes

> title: Release notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: PatternFly 5 release notes
```

section: get-started
---

import { ReleaseNotesTable } from './release-notes-table.js';

> # PatternFly 5 release notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This resource is intended to aid in searching the change log for PatternFly 5 as developers migrate from PatternFly 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource is intended to aid developers in their upgrade from PatternFly 4 to PatternFly by documenting our change log in a table that allows for searching, filtering, and sorting.
```

> It is not a completely comprehensive list of changes, as it does not include information about dependency bumps and documentation updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table does not contain a completely comprehensive list of changes, as it does not include information about dependency bumps and documentation updates.
```

> The comprehensive release notes can be found on GitHub for changes to [@patternfly/patternfly](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly/releases) and [@patternfly/react-core](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comprehensive PatternFly 5 release notes can be found on GitHub regarding changes to [@patternfly/patternfly](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly/releases) and [@patternfly/react-core](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/releases).
```

> A higher level overview of the changes introduced in PatternFly 5 can be found in the [release highlights](/get-started/release-highlights/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A higher level overview of the changes introduced with PatternFly 5 can be found in the [release highlights](/get-started/release-highlights/).
```
